What 500 billion cash verification card?
Are you sure there is no fraud?
Dare to praise me
I let your head fall to the ground General
You know this auction
Even if you lend me 10 heads
I certainly wouldn't dare to lie.
500 billion in cash is indeed real
It belongs to the Imperial City Vault
It's gold bars. 500 billion gold bars.
Imperial City Vault
This 500 billion
What's your situation?
The process is not important
It's the results that matter.
Now only the qualifications to buy out this auction are available
Since no one questions
So let's do it.
Bring Shenlongli over immediately
Then send the 500 billion gold bars directly to the auction house according to the procedure
It's my darling
When did you become so rich when you left?
No matter how rich he is, he can be richer than Her Royal Highness
It may be that he used Chen Dashao to leave something else.
That's right. That's right.
That's definitely true.
Wait until your brother marries the princess and becomes the consort
We are the royal family
I'm on an equal footing with these big shots here
Why is this so lively?
Say jet lag and I'll kill you